CC observations
slow wifi
targets on wall
best customer/worst customer on wall
elena - date reminders on wall
mon - fri hen party process on wall
coach phone numbers on wall inc ex coaches
instructor rates - north
"what stage should we be at"
cece computer issue - internet access seem to be just for her computer - unable to access facebook

greta figuring out where to reclassify emails: scrolls through for city, checks with elena

"I'm going to help Elena with emails because there are too many today"

hen enquiry:
13:50 - takes approx ten minutes
copy email address from email
open "south" word doc
find date (of enquity)
create new row with details of enquiry: email address, date, mobile number, when info sent, number of people, 
"Anyone in workload?"
E - "Yep, do you want me to add?"
G- "Yep, name is Eve..[?]"
copy's email response template from word doc
replies to email
pastes respose
customises with g's name, client name, city, date,
looks up venues word doc to get timeslots
finds cambridge
"i'm looking up cambridge but it says it does 11am, but i feel like it doesn't, so i\'m going to look that up"
discusses with others
"someimes it isn't accurate becayse it hasn't been updated since january" "I chceked with the guys but if i couldn't id have to go on to the site and doubke check so it akes time." looks up on site, doesn't look like a match - should be 11.30 (probably, she has to infer it from the venue website's classes schedule) but can't update venues doc because elena's in it so "ugh i can't be bothered".
* include venue timeslot 'last updated' so people know how up to date te info is
puts timeslot info into reply email
puts client name into worksheet
finds thriller brochure to attach to email
notices client full name on email and goes back to SOUTH word doc to update
[preseumably sends although i didn't actually see it]
puts email in SOUTH inbox

Elena forgets name of person and gets it wrong

greta reads email cancelling inquiry because her number is down to 8 (10 is minimum)
updates SOUTH word doc: searches for party date, updates row with "not going ahead" and pastes the sentatnce from hte customer email explaining why. changes colour to brown.
goes into invoice folder and changes customer's invoice file name to include the word "cancelled"
finds email template using keyword "not going ahead"
pastes into email reply, customises with short message. informs client that party can go ahead but they would pay 10.
"we sometimes do a 1 hour party for situations like this but because this is bournemouth and we don't have a coach there then it's not worth our while"
sends email, moves original to SOUTH email box
goes to calender and cancels party. email gets sent to coach.
customer replies thanking g for quick response.

phone call - request to run through a job sheet for a charleston party. cece answers and passes to greta. greta explains that there's a video on the sky drive/facebook that may be useful. greta brings up the script and walks through it with the coach.

g gets next email: customer wants to confirm payment went through.
goes to SOUH word: finds row using surname and updates interaction.
g replies asking for a reference as they got a payment but without a reference.
moves email to WEST email box

g checks Elenas inbox, asks if she needs any more help. inbox is nearly empty.

monday meeting - g and elena run through SOUTH status doc and the "What stage should we be at?" checklist verbally confirming to do items and problems with Elena and Cece. g asks elena to message coaches using facebook group with message about returning pompoms. one customer hasn't been given a contact number, they discuss situation and g asks elena to email customer with cece's phone number. one customer hasn't provided cheer information. g asks elena to send email requesting info.

saving/sync issues - saving on network, but doesn't seem to register so other person can't open the document.

